docs: added content for PEM-3770 (#1690)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/vm-management/vm-management.md

- HotplugNICs
- VMLiveUpdateFeatures

KubeVirt offers other feature gates you may find useful and which you can enable using [Kubernetes feature gates](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/). To enable more KubeVirt feature gates, you can modify the ``kubevirt.kubevirtResource.additonalFeatureGates`` parameter in the **Virtual Machine Orchestrator** manifest.

For more information on KubeVirt feature gates, refer to the [KubeVirt user guide](https://kubevirt.io/user-guide/operations/activating_feature_gates/).

## Kubevirt Plugins 

VMO includes the following Kubevirt plugins:

> - [Kubevirt-Velero](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt-velero-plugin) - VMO includes the Kubevirt-Velero plugin, which allows you to backup and restore VMs using Velero. This installs Velero snapshot controller and Custom Resource Definitions required by Velero  Refer to the [Virtual Machine Orchestrator Pack](./vm-packs-profiles/vm-packs-profiles.md) guide for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Kubevirt-Velero](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt-velero-plugin) - VMO includes the Kubevirt-Velero plugin, which allows you to back up and restore VMs using Velero. This installs Velero snapshot controller and Custom Resource Definitions required by Velero. Refer to the [Virtual Machine Orchestrator Pack](./vm-packs-profiles/vm-packs-profiles.md) guide for more information.
```
